chore(docs): Update contributing guidelines to use local Stencil build (#5719)
ionic-team/stencil: CONTRIBUTING.md

    2. Remove the modifications to your tsconfig.json
2. In the directory of _stencil core_, run `npm unlink`

> [!NOTE]  

> > Alternatively you can reference Stencil from a local directory in the `package.json`, e.g.

Reviewer: I _think_ we'd still need the changes here to the `tsconfig.json` here. It might be worth rewording this so that it doesn't seem like this doesn't require changing `tsconfig.json` - unless perhaps it does an I missed something here?

```suggestion
> Instead of linking, you can reference Stencil from a local directory in the `package.json` after updating your project's `tsconfig.json` file, e.g.
```

Author: Totally makes sense, thanks!
